SILENT TEXT – private text messaging and secure file transfer for your mobile devices. Silent Text allows you to send private messages with any attachment – documents, presentations, voice messages, pictures, videos and contacts.  Simple and easy to use, you’re going to love it.

** A Silent Circle subscription is required to use this app ** 

Download in seconds. Use in minutes.

Silent Circle – The World’s Most Secure Solution in Mobile Privacy 

Silent Text Features: 
Encrypted Text Messaging 
Secure File Transfer 
Secure Contact Book
Cross-Platform Functionality 
Burn Notice 

As a Silent Circle member using Silent Text, you can transmit private text messages with file attachments up to 100MB between Silent Circle subscribers, anywhere in the world. 

You decide how long your text can be seen by turning on the Burn feature. You can even manually delete sent messages off both your device and the recipient’s device, simultaneously, with a touch of a button. Accidentally sent a sensitive document to the wrong person? Made a typo error or modified the contract? Simply redact what was sent with the touch of your screen. 

When a Silent Circle subscriber makes a phone call, sends a text, transfers a file or video chats with another Silent Circle subscriber, that transmission is encrypted end-to-end from your own mobile device on our private network. 
 
Messages are encrypted on your device. New encryption keys are negotiated for each conversation. Every Silent Text message is encrypted to a new key that is only used once and then destroyed. There are no keys held anywhere after the conversation is complete. 

Created by globally recognized encryption experts and using modern encryption algorithms, Silent Circle software is open sourced and peer reviewed. Technical information can be found at our website.

Silent Circle is used by individuals and organizations in over 130 countries around the world.

As seen in NY Times, Wired, CNN, The Register, Forbes, Business Insider, The Guardian, Slate, PC World and many more.

